---
layout: post
title: "Wyncode Week 10: Wynterviews and Wynwork"
date: 2018-03-25
---
If you are following along with my posts, you may have noticed a trend… Wyncode likes to start stuff with Wyn… We are always wynning! Lol  So Wynterviews is when they set up interviews for us with their hiring partners.  This is when we finally got to meet and get to know Miguel who handles all the career stuff.  He prepped us on writing our resumes, getting our LinkedIn on point, the interview process at Wyncode and beyond, right down to what to wear.

Many of us were kind of nervous as we went through the 10 weeks because getting a job was at the top of our minds, but we weren’t actually being told anything about it. Okay, in all fairness..waaaay back in Week 1, Bianca told us that we we needed to focus on learning how to do our job, and then at the end and beyond Wyncode, the career resources would open up and be available to us.  But we all forgot about that.  Even though we were all freaking out over life after Wyncode, I’m glad they did it that way because we only had 10 weeks to learn as much as we could about code.

We had two Wynterviews set up for us, one was a marketing company in Boca, and another a consulting company out of North Carolina.  The experience of going through the interviews, especially right at Wyncode where we felt comfortable and had a lot of moral support was great.  As soon as I sat down in my first interview, all my fears and doubts and worries melted away…  Everything went exactly like they taught us it would be.  Another trend, Wyncode really puts a lot into preparing us for every step of the way, whether its learning, building, presenting, interviewing, whatever...they do a great job setting us up to succeed.

Another great thing is, after graduation, twice a week Miguel holds WynWork, where no matter when you graduated, alumni can come in to learn about job openings whether from hiring partners, referrals or online listings, he tells us who they have personal connections with so that they can get in touch and send a personal recommendation for us.  This is way different from what I had mind, some career advice then a good luck as we leave...they take a solid hands on approach to helping us find jobs, which really is awesome.