---
layout: post
title: "Wyncode: Final Project"
date: 2018-03-19
---

I truly wish I could have kept up with weekly posts my final couple weeks at Wyncode, but it really became such a blur.  Those final weeks felt like just 3 or 4 insanely long days.  Not only am I dreaming of code, one morning I woke up and lay there for far too long trying to find a solution to something I was trying to write in my dreams. I have officially lost it!

I will try to summarize everything as best as I can... I ended up on a team with Johanna, one of the students who came here from Sweden specifically to come to Wyncode (how cool is that?!) and Will, a really cool accomplished comedian.  Johanna and I got along and worked together amazingly.  Will and I got along great too..as long as it didn't involve the project! Ahh!! Okay so we have completely and totally different working styles and I think we weren't more than 5 minutes into project planning when we got into our first....shall we call it a tiff?

It was both infuriating and awesome...infuriating because we really...really did not see eye to eye from the get go and those moments came up quite a bit over the next two weeks. Awesome because, together on the first night of the project, we made a point to sort out our differences and come up with a game plan so that we could work together. The most important being, no more discussions or project decisions without Johanna there to keep us calm, she has a gift for that! It really came into play when we hit roadblocks because we were able to get over it and move forward as a team in no time.

Going through an experience like that really was a great learning experience. While life would have been easier if we all got along, I learned an incredible amount about conflict resolution, growth mindset, knowing when to stand your ground and when to compromise, how to let things go, how to stay focused and productive even when you wanna kill the person next to you, or a bit worried they may want to kill you. Hah! I'm actually happy to have gone through it. I was mighty uncomfortable and I grew a lot cause of it.  I do really appreciate too how after everything we put each other through, Will and I genuinely are good friends and we can joke about all of it now.

I'll have to write another post about Pitch Day XXII, and also about the interviews that we went through.  Something else I've been meaning to write about are things I wish I knew before Wyncode, and some things that surprised me even after all my research...maybe it will help someone else make the right decision for themselves.  For now, I am enjoying the end of the ridiculously hectic schedule I've been living with for the past 10 weeks, while simultaneously wondering what to do with myself.  I'll figure something out, for sure!